Hey, fortunately, it wasn't me who married you in the first place.
Why not?
It's me who suffers now
Grandpa, who is he?
Why did you bring him home?
He is the future patron saint of our Jiang family
Also one of you two
Future husband hey
What husband?
Dressed in rags
Another fool
I also want to study abroad and have a great future
Don't marry him
Yuxin, how about you?
Say you don't want to, don't force it
Just pretend that our Jiang family does not have this iron.
Howard Johnson takes care of his grandfather
I am willing to Qianlong Zaiyuan
The broken corpse will eventually roar in the world one day
So you are lucky.
How can I marry this fool?
Regret it
He will only be your drag bottle for life
You are not allowed to say that
Haoran has never dragged me down
The luckiest thing in my life
Is to marry him
Hahaha, don't make me laugh.
how
It's all about feelings with this fool, right?
Ah, is this fool bigger?
Are you satisfied?
What are you?
Don't put gold on your face
What innocence are you pretending to have here?
You come to the Emgrand Hotel dressed like this and make fun of yourself
Have a sister like you
I'm humiliated by you
Shut up and warn you if you talk nonsense again
I'll slap your mouth and roll